Update iris docs (#730)
urbit/urbit.org: content/docs/arvo/iris/tasks.md

+++
title = "API Reference"
weight = 3
template = "doc.html"
+++

> This document details the `task`s that can be sent to Iris. Iris only has a couple of `task`s you can use: [%request](#request) and [%cancel-request](#cancel-request).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document details the `task`s that can be sent to Iris. Iris only has a few `task`s besides the standard vane tasks: [%request](#request), [%cancel-request](#cancel-request), and [%receive](#receive).
```
Feel free to ignore this suggestion. I think you meant that there were only two tasks that you'd use from within Arvo, but my first reading made me think there were only two tasks at all, so I was then surprised when I saw a third one.

Author: I have rephrased this in https://github.com/urbit/urbit.org/pull/730/commits/4268a4ff7363cb065b4c0dece330dbf20e13ae7b

Note that neither `%progress` partial messages nor `%cancel` responses have been implemented in Vere at the time of writing, so **you will only ever receive a single `%http-response` `gift` with a `%finished` `client-response`**. If the request fails for some reason, you'll still get an empty `%finished` `client-response` with a `504` status code.

### Example

See the [Example](/docs/arvo/iris/example) document.

## `%cancel-request`

```hoon
[%cancel-request ~]
```

Cancel a previous request to fetch a remote HTTP resource.

A `%cancel-request` `task` does not take any arguments, the [request](#request) to cancel is determined implicitly.

### Returns

Iris does not return any `gift` in response to a `%cancel-request` `task`. You will also not receive any `gift` back from the original `%request` `task` you've cancelled.

## `%receive`

```hoon
[%receive id=@ud =http-event:http]
```

> Receives HTTP data from outside. This `task` is sent to Iris by the runtime, you would not used it manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Receives HTTP data from outside. This `task` is sent to Iris by the runtime, you would not use it manually.
```
